I am a graduate of Pratt Institute with a Bachelors in Industrial Design.
Coming from a background in sculptural design, my love for building and creating led me to study Industrial Design. I am a passionate designer, who enjoys creating linear graphics and applying them to products. I am interested in how color can change form, products and spaces and I am always open to new opportunities to widen my knowledge in design.
My portfolio can be seen at: www.brianjonesdesign.net

QUALIFICATIONS: prints, wovens, knits, cad, illustration, color reduction, colorways, mens, womens, embellishment design, embroideries, embellishment, jacquards.
art direction, digital design, print design, production, social media, typography, composition, training & development, written & verbal communication.
english is a designer and design lecturer with a keen eye for design, color palettes & composition.
illustrator, photoshop, indesign, creative suite, acrobat, nedgraphics design & repeat, nedgraphics easy weave, nedgraphics easy knit, plm, keynote, microsoft excel, pc, mac


My name is Gwendolyn R. Chambrun, and I am located in the New York Metro area.
I primarily use InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, and Fireworks (all CS6). I am also familiar with Dreamweaver, HTML coding, CSS, databases, and social media. In addition to print design (brochures, postcards, posters, signs, newsletters, among others), I update websites, design e-newsletters, manage Facebook pages, and create animated banner ads.
l was a music major in college, and also studied literature and history of the Middle Ages and the Renaissance. Later I studied Isadora Duncan dance. I have always been interested in historic, vintage and retro designs, imagery and typefaces, and am especially interested in the Pre-Raphaelites and the Arts & Crafts Movement. I incorporate these in my work, most of which is for publishers, cultural and arts organizations, and religious institutions.

As a designer, I seek to reduce the tension between business and design.

Barbara Samuels is a New York based lighting designer and producer. She is interested in collaboration as a lighting designer and producer. She is invested in new work of all forms including theater, dance and opera.
Recent design credits include Christopher Chen’s Caught (Play Company), Casey Llewellyn’s O, Earth (The Foundry Theatre, Henry Hewes Design Award nomination), Kate Benson’s OBIE Award-winning A Beautiful Day in November on the Greatest of the Great Lakes (New Georges/ Women’s Project), Julia Jarcho’s OBIE Award-winning Grimly Handsome. Barbara holds ongoing collaborations with Lee Sunday Evans,Jordan Fein, Daniel Fish, Shannon Gillen, Melissa Kievman, Portia Krieger, Brian Mertes, Katie Pearl, Dan Rogers, Dustin Wills, and many more dance and theater artists around the country. Barbara has toured nationally and internationally with Vim VigorDance.
Barbara served as Associate Lighting Supervisor at Williamstown Theater Festival in 2012 and 2013, and was the General Manager of OBIE Award-winning 13P. Barbara is currently the Producing Director of the satirical multimedia company Morgan Gould & Friends. She is also a 2016 Fellow in the Target Margin Institute for Collaborative Theater Making. In September 2016 The Interval named Barbara a Woman to Watch.
She holds a B.A. from Fordham University and an M.F.A in Lighting Design from NYU.
Barbara is a proud member of USA Local 829. She likes chocolate soft serve and grilled cheese.


Siarhei converts ideas and insights into stories, images, figures, structures, sequences, visualizations, infographics and certain complex multistage technique deliverables. In other words Siarhei provides Design Intelligence (Design Thinking+) and Lean UX / Lean Start-up services a-la Google Ventures "Design Sprint". The services include collecting and training Lean Start-up teams of multidisciplinary people that start to MVPfy* and test ideas. Customer Development and stakeholders buy-ins are in focus as well. This practice is repeatable and scalable, tested and adjusted with numerous Financial clients on Manhattan.
On a daily basis team's creative culture is being enriched with precisely picked techniques and methodologies from Human-centered Design, Design Thinking, System Analysis, UX Design, Visual Thinking, Service Design, Data Journalism, Architectural prototyping, Theory of Constraints, etc.
UX deliverables, reports and other tangible artifacts are organized as a system that guarantees consistency, integrity and establishes standards (like Google Material Design, Microsoft Metro/Modern Design Language, BBC GEL, SAP Fiori, HP Grommet, GE Predix, etc.)
Guided collaboration provides an opportunity to get not only incremental but also transcendental innovations for existing and upcoming products and services, establishes Start-up-alike creative atmosphere in the Enterprise.
Typical Collaboration Phases: Contextual Fit (Empathy) - Centering - Inception - Dialogue (Problem Statement) - Graphologue (Graphic Facilitation; Design Thinking) - MVPfying (Parti) & Customer Development (crossing the chasm) - Scaling (Development) - Delivery


I am open and ready for a new interesting design position,in both wovens and knits as well.
Specialties: hand skectching,developing directional design boards,shop stores and spot trends,developing trends into various markets,computer sketching,fit specialist,construction,specialist,fabric and trims specialist,overseeing designrooms,directing both patternmakers and technical designers,developing tech packs,travel to Europe to shop trends,and to factories to develop samples as well.Travel overseas to develop samples at the factories while negotiating fabric and sampling costs.Follow closley design,market and production calenders.


An experienced graphic design professional with proven success in brand strategy, integrated campaigns and design solutions. I analyze industry trends and represent the core values of the brand while pushing boundaries and expectations.
Skilled project manager, executing on complex production schedules and developing processes that streamline design workflows.
Profcient in Mac/PC: Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop, Quark, HTML, Social Media.
Color theory, thoughtful typography, storytelling, infographics, logos, photo composition and retouching.
Strong collaborative and interpersonal skills in managing client and vendor relationships.
Negotiated print jobs, resulting in a 20% cost reduction.


Develops creative strategy for marketing materials - collaborating with Global Creative Director, content writers, and project managers from concept to creation. Designs include (but not limited to) digital campaign collateral, logos, long form content, event signage, Sprinklr brand artifacts, book/print production.
Coordinates and manages creative concepts and direction between the internal stakeholders and contractors.
Sprinklr is the most complete social media management system for the enterprise. We help the world’s largest brands do marketing, advertising, care, sales, research, and commerce on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and 21 other channels globally – all on one integrated platform.

I offer extensive success in the luxury fashion design arena, as a designer I have utiliysed my ability to adapt my creativity to various markets and forms and have the ability to make great contributions. My immense passion for the craft and drive to innovate has been fueled to always create something unique and coveted.
My knowledge and experience within the industry have been a valuable asset to me and encompass all areas of design including; Conceptualizing, Illustrating, Draping, and Pattern-making, Construction, and Production. I am a passionate, proactive, and driven individual with a gusto to succeed and to always create exceptional work.
A few more qualifications and strengths include:
Conceptualized, launched, designed and managed entire product lines.
Continually analyzed trends and created styles with proven distinction and innovation.
Fostered productive relationships with vendors and factories for sourcing and production in global locations.
Dressed celebrities for award programs and red carpet.
Received significant media coverage and critical acclaim.


Womenswear Designer, my goal is empowering women to be strong, confident , look beautiful and have fun while doing it all!


UX designer with eight years of professional experience encompassing research, strategy, and design to aid product development on mobile devices and wearables; medical products such as patient care monitors, ultrasound, and anesthesia platforms; and benchtop laboratory equipment. Currently, I am developing user interfaces for Android-based phones and tablets with Samsung Business Services. My specialties include interaction design, user research, strategy, and visual design.

I'm a dynamic Art Director and Creative Project Manager interested in bringing 15+ years of progressive experience to an industry-leading organization. I have a proven record of success in high-level creative services, integrated marketing, and art direction management roles and a strong history of leading cross-departmental teams to complete creative marketing and branding projects, from ideation and planning through to production and launch. I am skilled in branding, brand development, marketing collateral development, art direction, creative project management, cross-media campaigns, graphic design, typography/layouts, workflow management, vendor communications, production oversight, and more. Diligent and goal-oriented, I have the skills, training, and experience to make an immediate impact in any creative team.
10+ years’ experience as an art director, with expertise in user interaction design and development processes.
Leading creative teams while coordinating and collaborating with global networks to launch high-profile creative projects (including The Wall Street Journal’s WSJ. Magazine).
Overseeing complex creative, marketing, branding, and advertising initiatives from concept to production.
Crafting creative strategies and roadmaps by leading brainstorming sessions and meetings.
Coordinating with Creative Directors, Designers, UX Specialists, Developers and Product Managers to ensure visual design consistency across a wide range of creative products and projects.
Improving workflows with online collaboration tools, project management software and version tracking tools.
Understanding business objectives to define deliverables and estimate/ensure budgets and timelines.
Developing, designing, and executing marketing collateral for marketing campaigns, including posters, banners, catalogs and PowerPoint/keynote presentations.
Implementing cross-platform and multi-media marketing programs from conception through execution.


I design products that balance user experience, business strategy, and engineering requirements. By employing an empathetic, iterative process, I strive to produce innovative solutions that solve problems and delight users. I've designed both physical and digital products for clients in technology, finance, and healthcare. Currently, I'm working as a User Experience Designer for Betterment in New York City.
I am taking my meticulous print production skills to the digital world and expanding my repertoire even further. I am currently working as a digital designer helping to create the full digital suite of assets with an incredibly talented group of creatives.
Prior to transitioning to the digital world, I had most recently been working in a high volume direct mail agency managing production needs for 200,000 - 32 million pieces of direct mail pieces per month and have managed delivery of up to 1000 pieces of collateral. Taken large clients from 5% error ratings in submissions to .5% in under one year with commendations from the print vendors, FDA, PRC and clients. I also take pride in my abilities to lead as a manager as well as a mentor for junior talent helping them to develop skills quickly and gaining them faster promotions. I also have a lot of experience working with a wide range of beauty, fashion and lifestyle clientele as a studio/post-production manager, production artist and retoucher in NYC. I offer a multifaceted skill set with experience in management as well as production of both large and small scale projects.

What I've learned about myself throughout my life is that I love to be around people, and I love to create beautiful things. So it was only natural for me to choose a career that would allow me to create beautiful work with people, for people. I love being part of a team, and thrive off of a community of creative thinkers. You can call me an illustrator, art director, designer, etc. However in the end, I think of myself as a creator, no matter what the context.
