Competent and highly motivated senior finance professional with 4 years of increasing responsibilities providing a diverse institutional investor client base added value through industry specific expertise on varying complex underwriting and investment financial products. Areas of expertise include:
Asset Management Mergers & Acquisitions Capital Markets Portfolio Management
Investments Corporate Finance

Results-driven and team-oriented leader who collaborates effectively with executives to identify opportunities for process improvement and tightening of internal controls. Accounting graduate with 8 years of experience working in fast paced, high volume environments. Exceptional budget monitoring skills with a true passion for bottom line and organizational improvement. GAAP P&L and Balance Sheet Preparation Weekly Cash Flow Forecasting & Financial Modelling Budget Administration & Management Financial Audit Lead Accounting Staff Training & Development Process Re-engineering Advance Excel skills (Pivot Tables, Lookups, Macros) NetSuite, QuickBooks, Sage 100 & Salesforce

Shelley has over 12 years of international development experience , grounded in Financial Management and Grants
Compliance.

A Senior Finance and Accounting Professional with extensive experience in the nonprofit and retail fashion sectors. Diversified skills include managing a full-cycle Finance and Accounting department within small to mid-sized organizations, financial analytics, budgeting and forecasting, payroll and benefits, nonprofit financial statements and Form 990 preparations, and internal auditing.
Key to success is having an entrepreneurial spirit, adaptability in fast-paced environments, and ability to thrive in an innovative and challenging workplace.

Lead Finance Manager
Manage and execute all dealer financing functions for this busy Nissan dealership. Personally deliver 80+ cars monthly while also offering and selling additional products and services including extended warranties, GAP insurance, vehicle ID (VIN) etching and others. Plan and conduct sales meetings with up to 25 employees. Ensure complete, error-free contracts execution to enable quick funding from financial institutions and to maximize customer satisfaction with experience and process.
High-Impact Results Promoted into Lead Finance Manager position after only eight months with company. Noted for ability to produce error-free contracts and excellent customer service while exceeding all other expectations. Took aggressive steps to reduce funding time on loans. Effort reduced average turnaround from up to six days to under three, with some loans funded same-day. Dropped CIT’s by $1.4 million, on average. Delivering consistent 1.7 products and services per vehicle sold, a pacesetting sales performance. Averaged 1 Million in Aftersales a year

In my current position I work in the Department of Medicine, Memorial Sloan Kettering's largest clinical department (about 1,200 employees including 350 physicians). I have a staff of four Departmental Fund Managers who work on reconciling physician funded bases, or the amount of their salaries they commit to funding via research each year (NIH/NCI and other grants, industrial contracts, philanthropy), research study assistant funding and other clinical trials office financial issues.

I'm also responsible for the department's multi-million dollar operating budget, budgeting for 34 hospital services in five divisions (Solid Tumor Oncology, Hematologic Oncology, Network Medicine Services, General Medicine and Survivorship & Supportive Care), plus Dermatology.

One of the most important tasks that I perform each year is professional salary planning (how much physician compensation will be paid for off of the hospital operating budget, from grants & contracts and physician practice plan earnings). Six years ago I, along with my Chairman and Administrator, created a series of bubble charts showing clinical productivity, compensation and research productivity (research expenses and protocol accruals) by physician, service and Division, all compared with national compensation and productivity benchmarks, resulting in junior faculty starting salary increases. Since then I've added trend graphs for various productivity measures by physician, service and division. I've been asked by the hospital's Senior Vice President, another senior hospital administrator and another Departmental Chairman to share this methodology with other areas.

I also manage personnel paperwork, reports on physician billings, collections and clinical activity and is involved in physician practice coding issues.

Specialties: Health care financial management, budgeting, professional compensation and productivity, research fund management, project management, people management

Looking for new job! I have nearly a decade of experience in the Private Accounting/CPA firm sector as well as have acquired a BS in Accounting from Hunter College. I have spent over the last year expanding my horizons and having worked for one mid-large size company (100+ employees) as the Manager of their Finance & HR departments. Looking for a larger company to expand my expertise in Corporate Finance, Business Management, & Human Resources. Please send inquires to noraberish@yahoo.com.

Accomplished Finance Leader, with more than a decade of professional experience in Accounting, Finance and Information Systems in fortune fifty companies and prestigious non-profit organizations, including Big Four CPA firms, Healthcare industries, Entertainment industries, Financial/Insurance industries and Environmental organizations. A proven track record in managing corporate finance responsibilities, mergers and acquisitions, business development and financing, capital expenditure budgeting and control procedures.

Specialties: Budget Preparation;Periodic Forecasting;Financial Analysis / Modeling;Quality Control / Assessment;Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance;Staff Management;Business Process Off-Shore;Accounting Management;Stakeholder Liaison;Teamwork / Staff Training;Financial Process Streamlining;Data Mining

Senior Finance and Risk executive with broad financial services industry experience in corporate and institutional
banking, asset management, wealth management and private equity.
