Carrie Hammer started her career as an advertising sales executive and often heard that she should "dress for the job she wanted not the job she had." In 2012 she created the eponymous clothing line CARRIE HAMMER to deliver stylish professional wear to women. Hammer has been credited in kickstarting the “body positive” movement in the fashion and advertising industries through the creation of her powerful campaign “Role Models Not Runway Models.” Fox called it “The Runway Revolution” when she included powerful CEOS, executives, activists, and philanthropists on the runway in lieu of traditional models, including the first ever model on the runway in a wheelchair and the first ever model with Down Syndrome. Over eighty brands and advertising campaigns have emulated or have been inspired by Hammer’s campaign “Role Models Not Runway Models.” The likes of Target, Kenneth Cole, The Limited, Calvin Klein, and Beyonce’s Ivy Park have all joined the revolution! Hammer, her line, and her movement have been featured on CNBC, Fox Business News, Forbes, Good Morning America, Elle, Marie Claire, Cosmopolitan amongst others. Hammer was featured by Forbes as 30 Under 30 and was named by Entrepreneur Magazine as one of 15 Female Entrepreneurs to watch in 2015. She studied Economics and Women’s Studies at UCLA and Fashion Business and Marketing at the Parsons Paris School of Art and Design. Hammer is a graduate and recipient of the inaugural Tory Burch Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses program. She also holds a certificate in Fashion Law from the Fashion Law Institute at Fordham Law School. Role Models Not Runway Models and Hammer appear under “History” for New York Fashion Week in Wikipedia 3 times! Literally making beauty and fashion history.

Michael’s company, Empact, helps build the entrepreneurship ecosystem globally. Empact has held over 500 events at colleges, high schools, workforce development organizations, corporations, and Small Business Development centers. One of Empact’s signature programs is the Empact Showcase, the largest showcase of companies run by the country’s top young entrepreneurs with recognition events at the White House and United Nations. The annual Empact Summit brings together over 300+ invite-only college presidents & deansl senior government administration; elected representatives such as governors, congressmen, and senators; icon entrepreneurs such as the founders of AOL, Chobani, and USA Network; along with the country’s top entrepreneurship foundations and entrepreneurship support organizations. Michael has be recognized by President Obama for his work as a young leader in America.Michael co-founded his first business, Princeton WebSolutions (PWS), when he was sixteen years old. PWS was later rated the #1 youth-run web development company in the nation by Youngbiz Magazine. In addition, Michael has been the winner of three entrepreneur of the year and was personally recognized for his entrepreneurial accomplishments by President Barack Obama. He and his company have been featured in five books and on the AOL Home Page, USA Today, Inc. Magazine, Forbes, ABC, NBC, and CBS. Finally, in 2006, Michael was named by Business Week as one of the Top 25 Entrepreneurs Under 25 by Inc. as one of the Top 30 Entrepreneurs Under 30. 

A “recovered” attorney with a business background, Lauren Harper left the law 5 years ago to focus on cultivating the ecosystem for Miami's social innovators.  Lauren is part of the founding team of the Center for Social Change (C4SC), a hub for changemakers in South Florida, offering co-working space, events and programs for nonprofits and social entrepreneurs. After launching and overseeing the workspace and programming initiatives at C4SC, she is now focused on finding innovative models to fund and strengthen social ventures locally.  To that end, Lauren launched the Miami location of Social Venture Partners (SVP). SVP is a global network of 3,500+ venture philanthropists in 40+ cities, who leverage their funds and expertise to make strategic investments in their communities.  SVP employs a venture capitalist model, but with social returns as the goal. Lauren is also involved in a regional capacity building initiative spearheaded by Miami-Dade County with various cross-sector partners, based on the Capacity Building 3.0 methodology from the TCC Group. Lauren’s other community involvement includes the Steering Committee for Philanthropy Miami, where she helps to plan the largest locally-driven conference for the philanthropic and social sector in Miami. She also sits on the Education Impact Council and the Public Policy Committee at the United Way of Miami-Dade and is on the Board of Directors of Experience Aviation. Further, Lauren is a social enterprise specialty mentor at Florida Atlantic University’s Tech Runway, an accelerator program for early stage ventures. Earlier in her career, Lauren practiced law in both large and boutique firms where she focused on land use, zoning and other real estate and business matters. She also held clerkship positions at the Securities Exchange Commission and the Federal Public Defender's Office and was a Senior Fellow in a Community Economic Development legal clinic at University of Miami School of Law.

As a social entrepreneur, I'm currently focused on innovating new products and services to help low-income older adults live richer socially connected lives to improve their overall well being. Previously I co-founded 3 tech startups: HyperOffice: launched 2003, operated about 8 years > acquired by Tokyo based IP Serving as CEO alongside a small team of dedicated professionals at CoFoundersLab to build the largest online community of entrepreneurs in the world. Hundreds of people connect every day to explore business partnerships across a network of 350,000 entrepreneurs in over 40 cities. Social Media Marketing Expert and Non-Profit Professional committed to assisting home and small business owners leverage the power of social media to build profitable businesses. I am on a mission to inspire people all over the world to help them to take control of their life, follow their dreams, and live the life they were destined to live. Jim Rohn once said "If you help enough people get what they want, you will have everything you want. I truly am passionate about this mission in whatever I do. Currently, as a manager, expanding my business throughout the US and Canada. Empowering people with the service we offer and building a team of ambitious self starters looking for more than the 40/40 (40 hrs a week for 40 years) reality that most of us find ourselves slaves to. 

There is more to life. Go out and make it happen!! Educational Assessment, Research and Development in Life Sciences, Disease Prevention and Promotion Education, Healthcare Accreditation Process, Managing Clinical and Research Operations, Utilization Review Process, Leadership and Managerial skills, Business Operations, Budgeting, Marketing, Quality Improvement Studies, Health Care Statistical Analysis, Teaching, Training, Developing Industry Specific Benchmarks, Agriculture, Silk Worm Culture and Silk production, Animal husbandry I have been in the Special Education field for 15 years, working with families of children with multiple types of special needs. Although my work is highly fulfilling, it did not allow me the the kind of flexibility I was looking for, especially with my own family. That is where my journey as an entrepreneur began. As I soon learned, the next avenue I was taking was providing me with the time freedom and flexibility I so desperately needed. I have since been spending my time educating people on award winning products, and building and training a team of professionals to create their own home based businesses. As an Educator, I still have the constant fulfillment of being able to help people. This path has allowed me to help more people without restrictions, to work my own business around my own family, and to lead and be a part of a team of motivated and inspiring individuals who want to be a part of an opportunity with flexibility and endless possibilities. 

Camilla Hermann is a humanitarian and serial entrepreneur. Her current focus is tackling the core problems of health care in the United States by reinventing the traditional clinic model to increase quality of care for patients and quality of life for physicians. Prior to working on health care in the US, Hermann was the founder and Executive Director of Odisi, a not-for-profit tech startup that developed a platform for last mile data collection. The first application of this platform was built to deliver better, faster medical care during the Ebola outbreak in West Africa. In the span of 8 months, Odisi developed a product concept, secured the operational support of, and/or partnerships with, Google Crisis Response, The Liberian Government, The World Health Organization, Medecins Sans Frontieres, Cellcom – a major telecommunication company in Liberia and Ghana, and InSTEDD – the most experienced crisis response and mHealth tech nonprofit. Odisi secured seed funding to launch the ACT pilot and successfully proved the product on the ground. Medecins Sans Frontieres agreed to make ACT an official pilot of the organization, something MSF has never done before during a health crisis. Prior to Odisi, Hermann co-founded GroundUp Global, an organization that provides capacity building and resources to local leaders. She worked with the Liberian refugee population on the Buduburam camp in Ghana between 2010 - 2014, where she partnered directly with the Liberian Embassy in Ghana to raise funds and support an citizen empowerment initiative within Buduburam. Through GroundUp, Hermann documented demographic data for 3500 unregistered Liberian refugees with a team of 10 for the purposes of repatriation by the UN, Ghana Refugee Board, and International Organization of Migration. Her work has been featured at the Clinton Global Initiative University Conference, the United Nations NGO Conference, and was selected as a semi-finalist for the Ashoka Changemaker Challenge. 

Marc is chairman and CEO of Salesforce. A pioneer of cloud computing,  founded the company in 1999 with a vision to create a new kind of enterprise software company, with a new technology model based in the cloud, a new pay-as-you-go business model and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. Under his leadership, Salesforce has grown from a groundbreaking idea into a Fortune 500 company, the fastest-growing top ten software company in the world and the largest CRM company.

For its revolutionary approach, Salesforce has been named one of the World’s Most Innovative Companies six years in a row by Forbes Magazine, one of Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies in the software industry five years in a row, and a Fortune Best Company to Work For nine years in a row.

He has been widely recognized for his visionary leadership and pioneering innovations. He has been named one of the World’s 50 Greatest Leaders by Fortune, 50 Most Influential People by Bloomberg, one of the top 20 Best-Performing CEOs by Harvard Business Review, Businessperson of the Year by Fortune readers, one of the Best CEOs in the World by Barron’s, Innovator of the Decade by Forbes Magazine and received The Economist’s Innovation Award. Benioff is also a member of the World Economic Forum Board of Trustees.

He created the 1-1-1 model of philanthropy, which leverages the resources of Salesforce to improve communities around the world: donating 1% of Salesforce’s product, 1% of its equity and 1% of employees' time to help nonprofits achieve their missions. Today, more than 1,400 companies have adopted the 1-1-1 model through the Pledge 1% movement. Benioff and his wife, Lynne, have focused their personal philanthropy on children’s health, including building UCSF Benioff Children’s Hospitals in San Francisco and Oakland, as well as on public education, homelessness and other social issues.

He believes that businesses are the greatest platforms for change in the world. He has embraced World Economic Forum founder Klaus Schwab’s multi-stakeholder approach to leadership, serving not only shareholders but all stakeholders--including customers, employees, partners, communities and the environment--to make the world a better place. Benioff is also inspiring fellow business leaders to do the same. He led a group of CEOs and business leaders in opposing state legislation that discriminated against LGBTQ communities, and instituted a company-wide salary assessment at Salesforce to ensure men and women were being paid equally for comparable work.

He is a 35-year veteran of the software industry. Prior to launching Salesforce, he spent 13 years at Oracle Corporation. He founded his first company, Liberty Software, which created video games, at the age of 15. He also worked as an assembly language programmer in Apple Computer’s Macintosh Division. Benioff received a B.S. in Business Administration in 1986 and an honorary degree of Doctor of Humane Letters in 2014 from the University of Southern California.

He is the author of three books, including the national best seller, Behind the Cloud.

As a technology leader, I leverage a unique mix of strategic business vision, a strong knowledge of both software development and infrastructure operations, an Agile mindset, and a unique approach to global team building and leadership to drive clear, bottom-line results.

My broad technical leadership and technology agnostic approach encompasses development, QA, infrastructure / data center buildout, and mobile applications - mobility. This unique mix enables me to contribute to the full range of strategic business goals—while simultaneously ensuring a silo-free environment. In addition, I've consistently utilized Agile principles to drive rapid, cost-effective results. 

I build and lead highly cohesive, committed global teams—including software engineering, technical operations, and support teams. I utilize the optimal global resources to cut development costs and provide the exceptional support that ensures superior customer satisfaction and retention. Plus, I understand how to work effectively across multiple, disparate cultures, and ensure that offshored resources deliver at an exceptional level. 

My leadership style is open and empowering—and inspires my team members to go above and beyond, do their own research, and create innovative answers to technical challenges. I spearheaded the creation of an innovative, new reporting process that enabled resources to provide quick, bulleted, daily progress updates. This enabled our teams to monitor their own progress and ensure that development remained on schedule with no unforeseen glitches—and built exceptional team commitment. 

Bottom line? My ability to leverage best fit technologies and build powerful global teams enables me to help achieve critical business objectives.

Tom Krieglstein was born on a farm in Michigan and lived there for nine years before moving to Chicago. He now lives in NYC.

In 1999, Tom graduated high school with a “c” grade point average, which led him to getting rejected from almost every college he applied to. In the end, he enrolled at the local community college, College of DuPage.

During Tom’s time at College of DuPage, he was honored as a Phi Theta Kappa All-USA Academic First Team Member, Illinois Centennial Scholar and Outstanding Graduate where he delivered the commencement speech.

In 2001, Tom finished college at Aurora University where he graduated top of his class in Business Management and again delivered the commencement speech.

Throughout college, Tom launched a textbook selling company, which he grew to $1.5 million in annual sales.

After a few false starts into becoming a full time professional speaker, Tom partnered with Kevin Prentiss, during their time working at Quantum Learning Network, to launch Swift Kick in 2004 and their branded leadership program, Dance Floor Theory.

Since 2004, Swift Kick has worked with over 550 schools and trained over 200,000 campus leaders. Their work has been named the best student leadership training program five times by APCA and is the only program to ever win the award three years in a row.

Through Tom's work in education, he also created The Student Affairs Collective as the ultimate online community of peer-to-peer learning for Student Affairs Professionals.

Tom also launched two separate ed tech startups; Red Rover and Student Launcher. Red Rover, a NY Techstars company, was a knowledge management tool. Student Launcher was an online crowd-fundraising platform for students. Both reached nominal levels of success before ramping down.

Tom continues to be the Founder and a Lead Facilitator of Swift Kick.

Specialties: Facilitation, Keynoting, Speech Writing, Curriculum Writing, HTML, CRM Design, Financial Management, Classroom Management, Technology, Social Networking, Twitter, Facebook, Gadgets, Internet, Twitter, Blogging, Web 2 point 0h, Entrepreneurship, Startups.

Proven 25 years of progressive and diverse F&A accomplishments for firm leaders of private and public corporations. Focused on leadership skills within C-suite and to BOD as CFO / CEO.

Accomplishments:

Led energy company through IPO as lead auditor working with underwriters, attorneys and banks through completion of S-1 SEC filing. IPO exceeded target levels

Reduced G&A costs by 30%, improving EBITDA rates and reducing annual cash burn by $3 million through restructuring

Improved enterprise value via acquisition of a high-technology company in California. From due diligence through dollar-value synergy estimates, acquisition price and ultimate integration of target company

Reduced effective tax rates from 30%+ to 15%, saving millions of dollars via tax planning, CFC look-through rules by establishing a Europe chain of US subsidiaries and offshore domicile inversion in Europe

Achieved compliance on all external, IRS and state audits

Led 20 global, diverse members of financial operations team in the USA, Israel, Canada, India, Europe

Business projects with colleagues in India, Prague, Sao Paulo, Brazil

Negotiated with private equity firm's attorneys and bankers to transition Ness from $600M publicly traded (NSTC) to a privately-held

Promoted 4 times in 5 years

A licensed attorney that has held executive positions with the global leader in consumer technology. Results-driven and highly motivated operations and procurement leader with exceptional success in managing complex environments and strategic negotiations. Effectively manage significant global spending. Known as a key strategist with a keen ability in fixing business segments and streamlining strategies to align on-going projects and company goals. Adept skill in analyzing and identifying opportunities to deliver innovative options for efficiency improvements and costs reductions. Experienced in building and empowering cross-functional teams to realize organizational mission and goals. Lead teams by example, demonstrating a strong work ethic and collaborating with others to meet objectives. 

Apple's strategic deals teams managing some of Apple's largest acquisitions including finger print sensing, 3D technology, Beats along with our strategic framework for Data Centers and Battery Technology.

Led Dell's Services Procurement based in Shanghai managing a significant spend while leading Dell from last to best in terms of part availability and cost.

Principle and executive in a vitamin company generating millions of dollars in new revenue.

Founded a law firm in New York City growing to three offices and generating millions of dollar in revenue.

Global Operations, Global Supply Chain, Procurement, Vendor Management, Complex Negotiations, Logistics, Product Management, Licensing, Mergers, Acquisition, Corporate Strategy, Consumer Technology, Cloud Computing, Wearable Tech, iPhone smartphone, iPad tablet computer, Mac personal computer, iPod portable media player, Apple smartwatch, Marketing, Vendor Outsourcing Strategy, Supply Management, Contract Management, Purchasing, Demand/Supply Balance, Mass Storage Procurement, Battery Procurement, Operations, Six Sigma, Entrepreneurship, Startups, Law, Legal, Litigation

I am a proven Vice President of Sales with comprehensive accomplishments in wireless communications. I am a self-directed and driven professional with a comprehensive background guiding sizable, cross-functional teams. Known for innovative thinking with strong sales, product, marketing, new product development and service. Recognized for implementing appropriate competitive strategies through analysis of details to gain understanding of industry position, emerging issues, trends and external relationships. Bias towards rapid problem identification and prompt execution of remedial tactics. Engaging and empowering leadership style that increases organization performance.

Telecommunications, Wireless Communications, Two-way Radio, Mobile Devices, Mobile Communications, Satellite Communications, Motorola Hardware, Titan Mobile Phones, Cellular Communications, LTE, UHF, Press-to-Transmit, Push-to-talk (PTT), Push-to-talk over cellular (PoC), GSM, CDMA, Portable Radios, Industrial Hygiene, Petroleum, Oil, Energy, Coal Mining, Hotel Hospitality, Hospital, Manufacturing, Law Enforcement, Public Safety Technology, Fire Department, Contract Negotiation, Stormwater Pollution Prevention SWPP, Dust Control, OSHA, HAZWOPER, MSHA Certified, Facilities Operations, Facilities Management, Industry Cleanup, Strategic Planning, Operations Management, Purchasing, Customer Service, Project Management, Budgets, Engineering, Negotiation, New Business Development, Product Development, Account Management, Sales, Sales Management, Business Development, Marketing, Construction, Procurement, Contract Management, Direct Sales, AT&T Platinum Solution Provider.

I am a proven business executive and engineer with comprehensive, global accomplishments in executive management, financial planning, business development, P&L management, investor relations, operations, data analysis, strategy, budget management, cost–benefit analysis, forecasting and the securing of new funding. I have reported to multiple CEO’s and regularly advise CEO’s, CFO’s, board of directors and institutional investors. I am a self-directed and driven professional who has successfully recruited, managed and restructured sizable, global, cross-functional teams within digital media, technology, automotive and business service sectors. I have a bias towards rapid problem identification, collaborative team leadership and prompt execution of remedial tactics.

Proven sales executive with over a decade of experience in growing tremendous revenues in the SaaS and digital advertising sales arena. Self-directed and driven professional with a comprehensive background guiding sizable, cross-functional sales and account management teams to exceed quotas. I have a thirst for building/leading sales organizations. Exceptional ability to attract the right talent for sales positions from an Account Executive to a high-level Sales Manager. People are one of my top priorities. Putting the right people in the right places is one key piece of my strategic sales management approaches. 

